The pace of the course adjusted to meet the needs of the students.
Available class time was used productively.
All things considered, this course was worth taking.
Course objectives or learning outcomes were clearly presented.
Reading materials were up to date.
The amount of reading required in this course is greater than other comparable COMC courses.
Reading materials were well selected.
The text used in this course was excellent.
Class attendance was important in promoting understanding of the materials.
The content of most class meetings were consistent with the goals of the course as state in the syllabus.
The difficulty level for this course is higher than other comparable COMC courses.
Assignments were challenging.
Assignments were relevant to the course objects.
I was required to complete a greater number of assignments in this course than in other comparable COMC courses.
The assessment of assignments was fair.
I received timely feedback on my assignments.
I received feedback specific enough to enable me to improve my performance.
Papers, exams, and assignments were returned within a reasonable time.
There was clear communication about the expectations for performance on exams and assignments.
Exams were of appropriate difficulty.
Exams gave balanced coverage to major topics.
Questions on exams were clearly written.
The instructor presented material in an interesting way.
The instructor used class time productively.
The instructor was well prepared.
The instructor's presentation was organized and clear.
The instructor stimulated student interest and thought.
The instructor was available to answer student questions outside of the classroom.
The instructor was responsive to student questions.
The instructor showed enthusiasm for the subject.
The instructor seemed to enjoy teaching.
The instructor demonstrated the significance of the subject matter.
The instructor added to the reading material rather than merely repeating it.
The instructor made good use of examples and illustrations to clarify.
The instructor displayed respect and concern for students.
Class participation and discussion were encouraged.
The instructor was approachable and willing to assist.
The instructor promoted an atmosphere conducive to work and learning.
The instructor was receptive to differing viewpoints or opinions.
The instructor made appropriate use of technology.
The technology in this course worked well.
The technology used in this course supported the goals of the class.
From the beginning, I thought this course would be interesting.
I worked harder on this course than on most courses I have taken.
I took an active part in class discussions.
To date, I have completed all required assignments in this class.
I would like to take another class from this instructor.
What are the major strengths of the instructor?
What are the major weaknesses of the instructor?
What aspects of the course were most beneficial to you?
What aspects of the course were not beneficial to you?
What do you suggest to improve this course? (Consider both content & delivery issues).
How much of the assigned reading did you complete?
How many hours per week, outside of regularly scheduled class meetings, did you spend on this class?
What assignments were most useful to your learning in this course? Why?
What assignments were least useful to your learning in this course? Why?
What are the most important things you have learned this semester?
What are the least important things you have learned this semester?
What, if anything, is still unclear?
Which ideas/concepts did you find most difficult to grasp? Why?
What topics do you wish we had covered?
Did you feel able to ask the instructor questions during class? Why or why not?
Were student questions answered satisfactorily by the instructor? Why do you feel this way?
Did you feel comfortable participating in discussions? Why or why not?